# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 24/03/2025

**Meeting Purpose:** Sync Up  

**Meeting Location:** CSS hive

**Note Taker:** Yu Ma

## Attendees

People who attended: All team members and the client


## Agenda Items
| Item                                          | Description                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Tutor's concern about reddit as a data source | The tutor expressed a critical view regarding the data quality from Reddit sources. |
| This semester's main features                 | Discussion on the key features to be implemented this semester. |
| Nectar authorization issue                    | Discussion on how to add all team members to the Nectar server. |


## Discussion Items
| Item                        | Who    | Notes                                              |
| --------------------------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| ssh and IP from all members | Client | Send ssh and ip to client for connecting to nectar |


## Client Suggestions
- Prioritize Core Features.
- Ensures timely delivery of main functionalities.
- Determine feasibility within the project timeline. 


## Other Notes & Information
- Ensure all team members are clear on their roles and responsibilities for the deployment.
- Schedule a follow-up meeting to assess the progress on user story prioritization and IP address provisioning.
- Confirm that all security protocols are in place for handling client data.

