# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 05/12/2025

**Meeting Purpose:** Sync Up

**Meeting Location:** CSS HIVE

**Note Taker:** Zehua Kong

## Attendees

People who attended: All team members and the client

## Agenda Items


| Item                                   | Description                                                  |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Review of Sprint 3 Progress            | Review of completed work including Survey and backend bug fix; discussion of Nectar IP issues as well as backend connections |
| Discussion about Next Semester process | Identifying key issues need to be finished this semester: Survey, front page, database and Nectar , then discuss about other works should be done next semester |

## Discussion Items


| Item              | Who  | Notes                                                        |
| ----------------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Backend Bug Fix   | Team | Fixed setup bugs in cross-OS environments                    |
| Update Front Page | Team | Continuing add functionalities in front page and fix the database timeout issues |
| Fix Page UI Bugs  | Team | Resolved the UI bugs identified during the review session.   |

## Client Suggestions

- Proceed with server deployment on Nectar.
- Proceed with Front page works

## Other Notes & Information

- Align sprint 3 tasks closely with updated client priorities.
- Give checklist to the next semester and write api documents
- Ensure timeline commitments are realistic based on available resources.
